OSDOCS-10892: Allocating load balancers to specific subnets (#93173)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-allocating-load-balancers-to-subnets.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *networking/allocating-load-balancers.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nw-allocating-load-balancers-to-subnets_{context}"]
= Allocating API and Ingress Load Balancers to Specific Subnets on AWS

> You can control the network placement of OpenShift Load Balancers on AWS, including those for the Ingress Controller, by explicitly defining your VPC's subnets and assigning them specific roles directly within the `platform.aws.vpc.subnets` section of the `install-config.yaml` file. This method provides granular control over which subnets are used for resources like the Ingress Controller and other cluster components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control the network placement of OpenShift Load Balancers on AWS, including those for the Ingress Controller, by explicitly defining your virtual private cloud's (VPC's) subnets and assigning them specific roles directly within the `platform.aws.vpc.subnets` section of the `install-config.yaml` file. This method provides granular control over which subnets are used for resources, such as the Ingress Controller and other cluster components.
```
